hello Walker did Foreman in Ronnie's
this is a 2013 jeep wrangler unlimited
rubicon as you can see one big change
that makes over this year is the wheels
some beautiful customizable wheels that
come standard with a group of God
transmission
seven signature spotted grill stands for
each continent the world so all over the
wheels they actually redesigning the
front actually the whole tire see
construction the seeds have a lot more
cushion to them lopa more definition if
you want to show her the rubicon on the
seats a little bit more color a little
bit more texture to it I like the
stitching is just overall good luck and
they're so comfortable when you sit you
got next one inside seats fold all the
way down
body-colored hardtop beautiful look is
in Nice complete look a little bit more
of an upscale look full-size tired we
can actually on the back you don't find
it very often now I mention you have
outlined system we've got the dual top
grooves in this particular model on she
comes from the remote start salivating
for a whole entire year but she is
complete
this right here is the 2013 jeep
wrangler rubicon thank you for watching